changelog entries for 0.11.1 bugfixes (#7763)
hashicorp/nomad: CHANGELOG.md

BUG FIXES:

 * core: Fixed a bug that only ran a task `shutdown_delay` if the task had a registered service [[GH-7663](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/issues/7663)]

>  * core: Fixed a panic when deleting a job that had previously been updated. [[GH-7758](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/issues/7758)]

Reviewer: I'd use garbage collection or purging here - as we don't talk about jobs deleting much.  Maybe something like this.  Also, we sort by line length within the same component, so this can go first in the bug fixes section.

```suggestion
 * core: Fixed a panic when garbage collecting a job with allocations spanning multiple versions. [[GH-7758](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/issues/7758)]
```

Author: Done.
